README.md, before:

# Learn Python

A collection of links that teach python

- Django
    - [A Complete Beginner's Guide to Django](https://simpleisbetterthancomplex.com/series/beginners-guide/1.11/)
    - [Learn Django](https://overiq.com/django/1.11/intro-to-django/)
    - [Django Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6esTdOLXh4)
    - [Django For Beginners](https://djangoforbeginners.com/)
    - [Django Girls Tutorial](http://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/index.html)
    - [Django Tutorial - David Leonard](http://drksephy.github.io/2015/07/16/django/)
    - [Getting Started with Django, a crash course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZHXjGP71kQ)
    - [Go Django](https://godjango.com/)
    - [Hello Web App (non-free) (book)](https://hellowebapp.com/)
    - [Mike's Django Tutorials](https://mikesdjangotutorials.co.uk)
    - [Python Books](http://pythonbooks.org/)
    - [Starting a Django Project](https://realpython.com/learn/start-django/)
    - [Tango With Django](http://www.tangowithdjango.com/)
    - [TaskBuster Django Tutorial](http://www.marinamele.com/taskbuster-django-tutorial)
    - [Ultimate Django](https://ultimatedjango.com/learn-django/chapters/)
- Flask
    - [Discover Flask](https://github.com/realpython/discover-flask)
    - [The Flask Mega Tutorial](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world)
    - [Websites with Python Flask](http://opentechschool.github.io/python-flask/)
- MOOC
    - Udacity
        - [Intro to Computer Science](https://www.udacity.com/course/cs101)
        - [Web Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/cs253)
    - Udemy
        - [Coding for Entrepreneurs: Learn Django a Killer Python Framework](https://www.udemy.com/coding-for-entrepreneurs/)
- Python
    - [A Byte of Python](http://www.swaroopch.com/notes/python/)
    - [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)
    - [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python)
    - [Dive Into Python 3](http://www.diveintopython3.net/)
    - [Full Stack Python](http://www.fullstackpython.com/)
    - [Intermediate Python](http://book.pythontips.com/en/latest/)
    - [Learn Python in 10 minutes](http://www.stavros.io/tutorials/python/)
    - [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)
    - [Non-Programmer's Tutorial for Python 3](http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Non-Programmer%27s_Tutorial_for_Python_3)
    - [Python Practice Book](http://anandology.com/python-practice-book/index.html)
    - [Real Python (non-free)](https://realpython.com)
    - [Snakify, a tutorial with 100 exercises and a step-by-step debugger](https://snakify.org)
    - [The Python Tutorial](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html)
    - [Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkpython/)
    - [Python Notes for Professionals book](http://books.goalkicker.com/PythonBook/)
- Practice
    - [Codewars](http://www.codewars.com/)
    - [CodingBat](http://codingbat.com/python)
    - [Exercism](http://exercism.io/)
    - [CheckIO](http://www.checkio.org/)
    - [RobotGame](https://robotgame.net/home)
    - [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains)
    - [CodeEval](https://www.codeeval.com/dashboard/)
    - [EmpireOfCode](https://empireofcode.com/game/)

Commit message:

Updated Readme.md Added YouTube tutorial links by thenewboston, SentDex and CoreySchafer Updated MOOC list and included edX course links.

README.md, after:

# Learn Python

A collection of links that teach python

- Django
    - [A Complete Beginner's Guide to Django](https://simpleisbetterthancomplex.com/series/beginners-guide/1.11/)
    - [Learn Django](https://overiq.com/django/1.11/intro-to-django/)
    - [Django Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6esTdOLXh4)
    - [Django For Beginners](https://djangoforbeginners.com/)
    - [Django Girls Tutorial](http://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/index.html)
    - [Django Tutorial - David Leonard](http://drksephy.github.io/2015/07/16/django/)
    - [Getting Started with Django, a crash course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZHXjGP71kQ)
    - [Go Django](https://godjango.com/)
    - [Hello Web App (non-free) (book)](https://hellowebapp.com/)
    - [Mike's Django Tutorials](https://mikesdjangotutorials.co.uk)
    - [Python Books](http://pythonbooks.org/)
    - [Starting a Django Project](https://realpython.com/learn/start-django/)
    - [Tango With Django](http://www.tangowithdjango.com/)
    - [TaskBuster Django Tutorial](http://www.marinamele.com/taskbuster-django-tutorial)
    - [Ultimate Django](https://ultimatedjango.com/learn-django/chapters/)
- Flask
    - [Discover Flask](https://github.com/realpython/discover-flask)
    - [The Flask Mega Tutorial](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world)
    - [Websites with Python Flask](http://opentechschool.github.io/python-flask/)
- MOOC
    - Udacity
        - [Intro to Computer Science](https://www.udacity.com/course/cs101)
        - [Web Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/cs253)
    - Udemy
        - [Coding for Entrepreneurs: Learn Django a Killer Python Framework](https://www.udemy.com/coding-for-entrepreneurs/)
    - edX
        - [Analytics in Python](https://www.edx.org/course/analytics-in-python)
        - [Python for Data Science](https://www.edx.org/course/python-for-data-science)
        - [Introduction to Python for Data Science](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-python-for-data-science-1)
        - [Introduction to programming using Python](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-programming-using-python)
- Tutorials
    - YouTube
        - [Python Basic Tutorials by **SentDex**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDdFqJtqsyeEewqVm_7VRrlD)
        - [Python 3.4 Programming Tutorials by **thenewboston**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGAcbMi1sH6oAMk4JHw91mC_)
        - [Python Programming Beginner Tutorials by **Corey Schafer**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTskrapNbzXhwoFUiLCjGgY7)
- Python
    - [A Byte of Python](http://www.swaroopch.com/notes/python/)
    - [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)
    - [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python)
    - [Dive Into Python 3](http://www.diveintopython3.net/)
    - [Full Stack Python](http://www.fullstackpython.com/)
    - [Intermediate Python](http://book.pythontips.com/en/latest/)
    - [Learn Python in 10 minutes](http://www.stavros.io/tutorials/python/)
    - [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)
    - [Non-Programmer's Tutorial for Python 3](http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Non-Programmer%27s_Tutorial_for_Python_3)
    - [Python Practice Book](http://anandology.com/python-practice-book/index.html)
    - [Real Python (non-free)](https://realpython.com)
    - [Snakify, a tutorial with 100 exercises and a step-by-step debugger](https://snakify.org)
    - [The Python Tutorial](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html)
    - [Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkpython/)
    - [Python Notes for Professionals book](http://books.goalkicker.com/PythonBook/)
- Practice
    - [Codewars](http://www.codewars.com/)
    - [CodingBat](http://codingbat.com/python)
    - [Exercism](http://exercism.io/)
    - [CheckIO](http://www.checkio.org/)
    - [RobotGame](https://robotgame.net/home)
    - [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains)
    - [CodeEval](https://www.codeeval.com/dashboard/)
    - [EmpireOfCode](https://empireofcode.com/game/)
